Friend, didn't you go to the class reunion?
How is this?
Yeah what's the matter with you
What's the matter with the wound on your face?
Mom, I met my sister at a restaurant.
Sister, go to the top box to serve the rich second generation
Brother Gao Yang and I saw it and said a few words to him.
I didn't expect that rich second generation
Just find someone to beat us up
What? Who?
Dare to beat dog food after coming
What was his name?
You tell mom
Mom, find someone to clean him up
I don't know him.
But it seems that that person is very powerful
We can't afford to provoke
What can't be provoked
He beat you up like this
Even if we go bankrupt
I also asked him to kneel on the ground and apologize to you.
Dare to hit my baby girl
I not only made him kneel down and apologize to you
I'm going to keep his whole family in order
Kneel down and apologize to my daughter
You have to compensate for medical expenses, right?
And medical expenses
Mental damage fee
Face fee, etc., everything
Mom, hurry up and say it
Who is he?
You have been so wronged
Mom and Dad must give you this bad breath
I don't know who he is.
But the restaurant manager said
He seems to be the owner of the passing restaurant
A restaurant owner who beat up my daughter
Yaoyao, don't worry.
Mom and Dad must be out of breath for you